
What you Learn 
Introduction
Where HTML is used?
Get Started 
Writing your first HTML Script
Dissecting HTML tags in HTML Script.
Build and run Scripts Using  IDE’s
Using  basic Tags
Using format tags
More Tag and Attributes
Using DIV and SPAN Tags
Using style Tag
Working with CSS Files

Anchor links and Images
HTML Link & target attributes and Bookmark
Using Table Tag
Form Design using Table 
Page Layouts and Partition
Menus and  Multi level Menu
Tabs, navbar, sidebar  and Drop downs
Using Marquee Tag for banners
Re-usable Components
Design for Ads, Gallery, map and more
Simple Website Design

Apply Style for HTML Content

HTML is Hypertext Markup Language, a format for creating documents and web pages. It was originally invented in the early 1990s by Tim Berners-Lee, and was based on an earlier markup language called SGML (Standard Generalized Markup Language), which was based on an earlier format simply called GML (Generalized Markup Language) developed at IBM in the 1960s.
HTML was created by Berners-Lee in late 1991 but "HTML 2.0" was the first standard HTML specification which was published in 1995. HTML 4.01 was a major version of HTML and it was published in late 1999. Though HTML 4.01 version is widely used but currently we are having HTML-5 version which is an extension to HTML 4.01, and this version was published in 2012.
HTML is the standard markup language for creating Web pages.
HTML stands for Hyper Text Markup Language
HTML describes the structure of Web pages using markup
HTML elements are the building blocks of HTML pages
HTML elements are represented by tags
HTML tags label pieces of content such as "heading", "paragraph", "table", and so on
Browsers use HTML tags to render the content of the page

Hypertext Markup Language (HTML) is the standard markup language for creating web pages and web applications . 
Alongside HTML and CSS, JavaScript enables interactive web pages.
interactive forms may be embedded into the rendered html page.
HTML is used to create electronic documents like Admin Guide , User Guide and product Documents etc
Web Application development
Internet navigation
Responsive images on web pages
Client-side storage(using localStorage and IndexDB.)
Alternate to cookies as web storage 
Offline capabilities usage(application cache mechanism)
Data Entry support with HTML
Game development usage
Native APIs usage to enrich website(file system, Geolocation, drag, and drop, event handling, client-storage etc. )
Hybrid Mobile Application Development























































































